---
SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0
tags:
  - v2.3
  - v2.2.2
---

# Differences between V2.3 and V2.2.2

V2.3 has added new fields to improve the ability to capture security related
information and to improve interoperability with other SBOM formats.

Key changes include:

- Added fields to Clause 7 ( Package Information ) to describe
  "Primary Package Purpose" and standardize recording of "Built Date",
  "Release Date", "Valid Until Date".

- Added hash algorithms (SHA3-256, SHA3-384, SHA3-512, BLAKE2b-256,
  BLAKE2b-384, BLAKE2b-512, BLAKE3, ADLER32 ) to the set recognized by 7.10
  (Package Checksum field) and 8.4 (File checksum field)

- Update Clause 7, 8, and 9 to make several of the licensing properties
  optional rather than requiring the use of "NOASSERTION" when no value is
  provided.

- Update Clause 11 to add the new relationship types:
  REQUIREMENT_DESCRIPTION_FOR and SPECIFICATION_FOR.

- Update Annex B ( License matching guidelines and templates ) to use the
  License List XML format

- Update Annex F ( External Repository Identifiers ) to expand security
  references to include advisory, fix, URL, SWID.
  Expand persistent identifiers to include gitoid.

- Update Annex G ( SPDX Lite Profile ) to include NTIA SBOM mandatory minimum
  fields as required.

- Update Annex H to documented how the snippet information in files to be
  consistent with REUSE recommendations.

- Added Annex K ( How To Use SPDX in Different Scenarios ) to illustrate
  linking to external security information, and illustrate how the NTIA SBOM
  mandatory minimum elements map to SPDX fields.
